Optimize polyfit (#9766)
pydata/xarray: doc/whats-new.rst

- Support lazy grouping by dask arrays, and allow specifying ordered groups with ``UniqueGrouper(labels=["a", "b", "c"])``
  (:issue:`2852`, :issue:`757`).
  By `Deepak Cherian <https://github.com/dcherian>`_.

> - Optimize :py:meth:`DataArray.polyfit` and :py:meth:`Dataset.polyfit` with dask, when possible.

Author: ```suggestion
- Optimize :py:meth:`DataArray.polyfit` and :py:meth:`Dataset.polyfit` with dask, when used with 
   arrays with more than 2D dimensions.
```

- Support lazy grouping by dask arrays, and allow specifying ordered groups with ``UniqueGrouper(labels=["a", "b", "c"])``
  (:issue:`2852`, :issue:`757`).
  By `Deepak Cherian <https://github.com/dcherian>`_.
- Optimize :py:meth:`DataArray.polyfit` and :py:meth:`Dataset.polyfit` with dask, when used with

>   arrays with more than 2D dimensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  arrays with more than two dimensions.
```
